Add kafka avro support for the inbound endpoint (#6285)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/reference/connectors/kafka-connector/kafka-inbound-endpoint-example.md

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<inboundEndpoint name="KAFKAListenerEP" sequence="kafka_process_seq" onError="fault" class="org.wso2.carbon.inbound.kafka.KafkaMessageConsumer" suspend="false" xmlns="http://ws.apache.org/ns/synapse">
   <parameters>
     <parameter name="sequential">true</parameter>
     <parameter name="interval">10</parameter>
     <parameter name="coordination">true</parameter>
     <parameter name="inbound.behavior">polling</parameter>
     <parameter name="value.deserializer">io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroDeserializer</parameter>
     <parameter name="topic.name">test</parameter>
     <parameter name="poll.timeout">100</parameter>
     <parameter name="bootstrap.servers">localhost:9092</parameter>
     <parameter name="group.id">hello</parameter>
     <parameter name="contentType">text/plain</parameter>
     <parameter name="key.deserializer">io.confluent.kafka.serializers.KafkaAvroDeserializer</parameter>
     <parameter name="schema.registry.url">http://localhost:8081/</parameter>
   </parameters>
</inboundEndpoint>
```

> Makesure to start Kafka Schema Registry before starting up the Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to start Kafka Schema Registry before starting up the Micro Integrator.
```
